hi friends with you i am dmitry fresco
culinary promoter
what poor students eat right
fried potatoes scrambled eggs and you're right
protein maximum
maximum fat and maximum carbohydrates
what the young grower needs
the body to endure all the learning
and the social life of the Spaniards have managed
connect two traditional student
dishes in one traditional national and
somehow did not guess
and it turned out tortilla de patatas something
like
potato tortilla although there is no tortilla
mexican tortilla tortilla with
cornmeal is more like potato
omelette or omelette with potatoes sounds
plain truth however spanish
tortilla is not as simple as it seems there is
a few nuances that need to be taken into account
when cooking as it always happens
super popular national dishes
not without controversy acutely of course
cove and stupidly finisher of blood and guts and
how to cut potatoes into cubes or
cluster slices do not put onions
Some Spaniards believe that in the dashboard
patatas should not be in any way
they fight archers to death hear
Although I am not so categorical but also
made your choice and so we will need
potato eggs onion pretty much
do not be afraid of olive oil
salt and besides other dishes two
1u pans more spacious other
smaller and better with non-stick
coated
cut potatoes with plates and
for example 3 4 millimeters we will pour a large
frying pan oil about a centimeter
on grammy about
and
and put the potatoes and onions the heat should
be soft so that the mass slightly
stay him and the potatoes as if slowly
cooked in oil will cover the pan
lid until cooked potatoes
monitor the temperature God forbid
the potatoes turn red with the Spaniards start
will not eat
big bowl to chop and russia and for
add salt and 1 potato already
ready to lay it out in a colander to
glass maximum oil is not in a hurry
it is necessary if there is excess oil in the potato
to you because she melts everything upstairs and
turning the omelet this butter can
pour all around
mix eggs and ready potatoes it
by the way one more reason for the sacred
wars alone think they need potatoes
eggs laying others insist that the eggs in
I think the potatoes do not need a head
fool anyone
and do as best for the result is not
will affect the attention comes the most
responsible stage
we heat a griddle on fire
Smaller and envelope it to pick up
so that our party in it was a height of 45
centimeters and better to choose with
non-stick coating
why see a little later pour a couple
tablespoons of olive oil can
take about in which potatoes are cooked but
I prefer
unrefined olive it is aromatic
heat up and pour out personally
potato mixture and wait for conan to grab
turn down the fire we cover up waiting for and
the body vector clutched a little
periodically check our
the party when not too before the fire grabbed
subtract to below average
and neatly with a spatula we move it away
from the walls then the oil which is like
up between wasting and walls will be
go down like that
shake sorge in my skillet
that's what you need and non-stick
coverage check again so well it seems
Wirth archive too grabbed laying
we pray to all gods we believe in
America with a cafe let me succeed
and turn over no oh world although she
spanish means all the pictures left on
I couldn’t wait for a plate
hardening
now would clip could
finish and start washing the kitchen
returning back to the pan
perfect shape and make them redden
here is another moment when you can
make your choice
some love tortilla by denser
drier then I need to hold on fire
a little longer
Who would have thought I prefer
so I cover the plate and
I turn over and here it is delicious
authentic
spanish tortilla have u can
if it remains cold though
stupid things I say there students
can stay
but if it still remains
that is also quite good hot it has
very gentle system excellent
combination of lightness omelet and on jury
potatoes are much softer than granite science
that's all for today liked fingers
up sign up you know everything
thank you for being with me
actively promote the tasty and
varied diet next time
cook chakhokhbili
see you